Hello and welcome.
In this lecture I want to go through an example of implementing the class adapter.
This is technique using inheritance Java with a single class.
You can't do it without with more than one class unless you use interfaces.
So let's go out and bring up intelligent and create a project for the adapter.
Could a new project we're gonna call this project adapter class.
Inheritance example so we'll say after class inheritance example
so we can only create a class adapter with an interface as long as you're only wrapping a single adapter.
All right with multiple inheritance you can take two or more adapters and wrap them into a single interface
class adapters are kind of possible in Java by using Single inheritance.
As I mentioned you really want to implement it using the object adapter but if you have a single single
adapter you can use this option.
What we're gonna do is we're gonna adopt a single interface which is our integer value interface.
We're gonna adopt that to a class adapter which will extend an integer value that implements that integer
value interface.
So here we're just gonna say interface integer value interface.
This is just going to have one method public int get Integer Get integer.
There we go
just as a get integer method.
We're gonna have a class that implements this interface called integer value implements the integer
value interface.
It's gonna have an override for the public int integer.
It's going to return hardcoded number of return 5.
So we have this single class and we want to write an adapter for this to another class.
So what we could do is we could write a class adapter and this would use inheritance and it would extend
the energy value
right.
And you'll notice that this doesn't have to have an instance of the ADAPT.
What this can do is it can just override the method.
So we want to basically change this adapter so that every turn something different so we can say public
we can use the override a public and to get integer.
And in this case we don't want a return 5.
We want to return to plus super dark get integer something like that now would be it for the class adapter.
Now remember that the object adapter would look work a little bit different because you would need to
have an instance.
So if we were to write an object adapter we would need to have a private instance of the adapter which
is our integer value interface.
That's the interface that we're gonna adapt that's the target.
Let's say my end and then we need a constructor to set that value up.
This all looks familiar
and we would use reference taking the reference as the parameter and we can use a polymorphic leading
and then we're just going to assign our member variable to the one in passing in the constructor.
Then we would have to do our adaption so we would implement the get integer
but then we'd have to use the composition relationship save return to plus this thought my and get integer.
So you see the differences there.
One uses composition one uses inheritance and then if we wanted to test this we could create a client
say new client and this would need to have a public static void Main
and this would just print out that this is a class and adapter demo and we could see how we could use
the class adapter versus the object adapter right in the class adapter we would print out some information.
We would create a new class adapter instance and then all we'd have to do is call the method on the
class adapter for the object adapter we could create a new object adapter and we'd call just like we
do with the class adapter but they are accomplishing things differently by using either composition
or inheritance.
And so we do something like that and there's a big limitation on the class adapters that you can only
have one adapter.
So if we build and run this you'll see that the output is gonna be the same
but it's gonna be two different ways of implementation either using class adapter or the object adapter
so just a little information on the class adapter you don't have to emphasize this or study it too much.
It's an option if you only have wanted Daddy to use inheritance and override the method but the object
adapter is really the way to go using composition and doing your doing your conversion in the class
itself.
Using the instance.
Thank you.